# Neuron_Final


File 1: 
cummulative_error_channel_per_channel.py:

File 1 Precondition:
Run sbatch batchshifter.slr PATH_TO_DATA with saving enabled for the results of the ML model in an npz file called the_data.npz. This change should be made in the predict.py section of the code.

File 1 Purpose: 
Used for generating the data files for the cumulative Error graphs on an ion channel per ion channel basis

File 2: 
Cummulative_error_channel_per_channel_grapher.py

File 2 Precondition:
Run final_final.py which should be available in the github repo before you run this File 2. Final_final.py will create pkl files for graphing purposes.

File 2 Purpose:
Used for plotting the cumulative error graphs on an ion channel per ion channel basis, that draws from data files of format saved_bar_chart_1_cummulative_error(ION_CHANNEL_NUMBER).pkl that was generated by the previous final_newer_v2.py file

File 3: 
std_dev_channel_per_channel_calculator.py:

File 3 Precondition:
The_data.npz file available.

File 3 Purpose:
Used for creating the histogram_data.txt file which will be used for graphing the below STD DEV VS Count on an ion channel per ion channel basis

File 4:
Std_dev_channel_per_channel_grapher.py:

File 4 Precondition:
Std_dev_channel_per_channel_calculator.py run prior

File 4 Purpose:
Generates graphs for STD_DEV Vs Count graphs on an ion channel per ion channel basis using histogram_data.txt file

File 5:
Std_dev_channel_per_channel_calculator.py:

File 5 Precondition:
The_data.npz file available prior

File 5 Purpose:
Parses through all ion channel data and finds/plots STD Dev vs Count for all Ion Channels Combined

File 6:
Make_all_channels_cummulative_error

File 6 Precondition:
Final_final.py run prior

File 6 Purpose:
I created a  Region vs Cumulative Error for all ION Channels combined as a sort of complement to the STD DEV VS Count for all ion channels combined graph, to further analyze the error, and better understand at which ranges the model is most accurate.  This file reads all the cumulative error pkl files that are saved on the file system and combines them all together on a region by region basis to give the graph you see below.

File 7: 
make_histogram_per_channel_std_plot.py

File 7 Purpose:
I created a STD_DEV VS Threshold percent graph on an ion channel per ion channel basis using the data in histogram_data(number).txt. This graph is essentially used to compare the percentage of data that gets saved depending on where you place the threshold/barrier with respect to tolerance for error. Loader_histogram_percent_per_channel leverages the data stored in files histogram_data(number).txt in order to create these graphs.

File 8:
Make_histogram_per_channel_std_plot.py

File 8 Precondition:
The_data.npz available prior

File 8 purpose:
I created a STD Dev vs Region Graph on an ion channel per ion channel basis. make_histogram_per_channel_std_plot.py leverages the data stored in the overall npz file to plot thePollyMathy123!se graphs

File 9: 
Per_channel_std_dev_mean_avg.py

File 9 Precondition:
The_data.npz present

File 9 Purpose:
print std dev per region per ion channel as text, print mean per region per ion channel as text, print mean of std dev per ion channel of the std dev's of the regions of that
ion channel

Files 10:
avg_absolute.sh
Avg_absolute_error_and_thresh.py

File 10 Precondition:
The_data.npz present

File 10 Purpose:
Print AVG Absolute error per region per ion channel such that 50% of the graph is above the threshold.

File 11:
Fixed_threshold_mse_version.py
Fixed threshold_mse_version.sh

File 11 Precondition:
The_data.npz present

File 11 Purpose:
Graph plots where red bars of ion channel region are violating mse set by the user, and blue bars are regions that do not violate mse for the region.
